[M2-6040][M2-5711][M2-5768]: Take Now flow (#1646)
ChildMindInstitute/mindlogger-admin: README.md

## Environment Variables

| Key                              | Required | Default value | Description                                          |
|----------------------------------|----------|---------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| REACT_APP_API_DOMAIN             | yes      | null          | MindLogger Backend API base URL                      |

> | REACT_APP_WEB_URI                | yes      | null          | Base URL of the MindLogger respondent web app        |

Reviewer: Just to align with the `.env.example` file…
```suggestion
| REACT_APP_WEB_URI                | yes      | http://localhost:5173 | Base URL of the MindLogger respondent web app        |
```

Author: I left this one null because the default value for `REACT_APP_API_DOMAIN` is also null, even though there's a value for it in `.env.example`. I assumed this was because the way we run the app locally varies, but putting a value here makes sense
